yo what's up everybody it's your boy
floss back again with another video and
today we gotta take a look at the
hottest HTC One case now a lot of cats
been hitting me up asking me how come I
never made a video on what's the hottest
case for the HTC One you see me do the
hottest iPhone 5 case you see me do the
hottest galaxy note and a hottest galaxy
s4 you know you see me do a whole bunch
of hot cases for other phones how come
you know you never seen nothing for the
HTC One well to keep it real fellas
and when I say fellas I mean ladies - to
keep it real the hottest case on the
market right now to me in my opinion for
the HTC one is the official HTC
double-dipped case you know Point Blank
that's the hottest case I've been
trolling the internet for months and
months and months trying to find hot
cases and they all pretty much just
playing you know boring cases so this is
pretty much the hottest case I got right
now
for the HTC one now one thing I will
show y'all and that's the reason why I'm
making this video is I happen to be
shopping on Amazon the other night and I
found the case and a different color so
you know I now keep in mind I was you
know when I shop on Amazon half of the
time I'm here sipping Hennessy and all
that so I was kind of twisted I never
really pay attention I seen the price
from $10 I got high
I've seen the HTC One case in a
different color so I was mad high but
here's the thing now the case is not
official HTC you know it's not official
HTC case even though it says HTC on it
when you look at the box
that's definitely bootleg you know I'm
saying it's definitely bootleg but look
it's $10 you know I'm saying I don't
know why HTC never made this case in
other colors because this is definitely
the sickest case you see highs the
cutouts for the speakers and all that
this is definitely the sickest case but
you know only comes in this color and if
you look at mines after all this where
10 this color definitely gets dirty so
we got into different color so let's
take a look at it anyway even though
bootleg fucking let's see what it looks
like now like I said $10 from Amazon
when I opened the package it came with
some tattoo stickers go figure so I
don't know you don't do whatever you
want with these I'll probably stick him
somewhere let's open it up and see what
it looks like
now the package came a little bit beat
down - but you know for ten dollars were
your steak the actual case now even
though it's bootleg let me see does it
feel exactly the same it pretty much
feels the same let's move this to
fucking way and pretty much do it the
same as the official HTC one but for ten
dollars so let's take this one off and
see if um see if it really makes it
different listen just kind of do a
little comparison well to be honest even
though this bootleg pretty much looks
and feels exactly the same for ten
dollars so I sleep good look like then
let's drop let's drop it on and see what
it looks like on the actual phone cuz
I'm definitely feeling this color scheme
no okay now I tell you one thing it's a
super super snug fit I had to pull it
back yeah there's a little bit hard to
get on let's drop the top and bottom on
now keep in mind I got my home screen
mate screen protector on the front still
fits on there now this one just looked
sick though the black and red color just
looks and it has the great power buttons
on the side that's that's definitely
good look we need to make sure I put
this arm right um I forgot my battery
died of missile yeah but this is alright
so $10 fellas this is a wing like I said
with this great one to me this is the
hottest one out but this one gets dirty
real fast now you got the black top and
the black bottom so this way it's gonna
you know it's not gonna get that dirty
look to it like if you look look at this
already and this is you know where it is
gonna get kind of dirty kind of beatdown
so this one is not gonna look too beat
down and I must have met for a bootleg
case they did a great job on it it looks
and feels exactly like the HTC One case
even has the HTC on the back so for $10
this is a win I'll throw the link up in
the description so you can get it for
yourself but I'm definitely feeling this
so just going to be my new HTC one case
gives you that same feel as the the
classic HTC case but
a different color so this right here is
definitely winning so check it out for
yourself
shout out to everybody I rocked me on
Facebook Foursquare Twitter Google+
shallot all boom gangsters I see holding
down that Facebook page silent everybody
hit me up on box up and special
shout-out to everybody rocking me on
Instagram now notice what we have
full-time hundred percent full throttle
shit Boyd floss and capped we're telling
the next trip all y'all haters or y'all
trolls going to giant gummy worm deuces